Lu Xue I
I can't always say
I deliberately waited for him to fall asleep before sneaking out
I know what you're doing here
I know time is running out and I can't stop you
So I'm going to face it with you
You take revenge and I will accompany you
You are in danger, I protect you, I cheer you on
Isn't that Mr. Lu and Miss Tang?
Two people are so compatible
Miss Tang is shining today
It seems
It's him who votes for the glamour star tonight
OK
I heard the Glamour Star award is a luxury car.
Don't talk nonsense
The lady and the pretty woman around Mr. Lu
Are you still short of a car?
Do you want the road to be not far? Of course
Miss Meng, have you ever considered
Mr. Song is using you
He has me in his heart
He just has a bad temper, doesn't he?
Or else?
Why does he only use me and not others?
How many wheels can be produced after a power outage for 10 minutes?
That's curious.